(LOW HUM AND BUZZ)
- (BUZZING CONTINUES)
- (SOUND WAVE)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(BUZZING AND
SOUND WAVE CONTINUE)
- (BUZZING CONTINUES)
- (EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(CRACKLING EFFECT)
(EERIE MUSIC RISES
THEN ABRUPTLY STOPS)
(STATIC)
(LOW BUZZ)
(FAINT STATIC)
- (CAMERA CLICKS)
- (LIGHTS BUZZING)
(NAREN BREATHING HEAVILY
THROUGH MASK)
NAREN:
Okay. okay. okay. okay...
(DEEP SIGH)
Okay...
(BAG RUSTLES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(HEAVY SIGH)
(HEAVY FOOTSTEPS)
(PANTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SHARP BREATH)
Yes... Yes...
Yes. yes. come on...
Come on. yes! Yes. yes!
Okay. Okay. Okay.
(PANTING)
(LABORED BREATHING)
(METAL CART BANGING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DEEP SIGH)
Here we go. here we go.
Okay. Okay. Fuck.
Work. Work. Work.
(BEEP. CLICK)
Standard... Okay...
Standard. can you-
can you hear me?
This is Naren.
And I've. um...
I've been separated.
uh. from the others.
And I think I'm okay.
but I'm not sure
where I. uh...
I've never been out
this far before. so I don't...
Um...
(SHARP BREATH)
There was this. uh...
I didn't get a good look
at it. but there was. um...
there's something else
in here.
I need you guys.
Okay? I need you guys
to get me. please.
Fuck. I need you guys
to come out and get me.
Can you... can you come.
please. standard?
(SOBBING):
Standard?
- (CLICKING)
- (DISTANT SHRIEK)
Oh. fuck!
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
Fuck...
(LABORED BREATHING)
(BIRD QUACKING. CRASHING)
(SHOUTING):
Fuck! Fuck...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(EXHALES LOUDLY)
(DEEP SIGH)
Oh. shit... What the fuck?
- (BIRD QUACKING)
- (NAREN YELPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(EXHALES LOUDLY)
(DEEP SIGH)
(DISTANT THUD AND ROAR)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CONFUSED MUMBLE)
(LOW MUMBLE)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING SOFTLY)
What the fuck?
(DISTANT BIRD CALLS)
(DOOR OPENS)
- (DOOR CREAKS)
- (NAREN GASPS)
(SQUEAL)
- (NAREN WHIMPERS)
- (FLOOR CREAKS)
(DISTANT RASPING BREATH)
(NAREN INHALES SHARPLY)
(PANICKED BREATHING)
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck!
(PANTING)
- (LOCKED DOOR CLICKS)
- Fuck. fuck. fuck! Fuck!
(GASPING BREATH)
(NAREN SHOUTS)
(MUFFLED. DISTORTED
SCREAMS AND SHRIEKS)
(STATIC)
(DISTORTED SCREAMS)
(CRACKLING. STATIC)
(TV CLICKS SHUT)
(EERIE. DREAMY MUSIC PLAYING)
(SQUISHING)
(MUFFLED. DISTANT RUMBLING)
(RUMBLING. CRASH)
(HEAVY MACHINERY RUMBLE)
(BROODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(WORKERS INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(GRUNTING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER. CLANKING
AND GRUNTING CONTINUE)
MARY: We all have
our loops. our habits...
(INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES)
...behaviors that keep us
walking in circles...
(INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES)
...reaching
for the same solutions
over and over again.
thinking each time they'll
take you somewhere new.
But they don't.
And still.
it's the neural pathway
of least resistance.
A path you made.
It's the one
that kept you safe
when you were a child.
You learned
to push people away
before they could hurt you.
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(KEYBOARD CLICKING)
And now.
as an adult.
you're still stuck
right where you started.
Alone.
(CLARK SIGHS)
I mean. I'm not lonely.
I have employees
and... customers.
I didn't say lonely.
I said alone.
Yeah. well. I mean...
(CHUCKLES)
I hurt people.
I don't want to.
It's just the way I'm wired.
So maybe I deserve
to be alone.
Do you think anyone
deserves to be alone?
I don't know. but. you know.
maybe it's not
such a bad thing.
MARY:
Being alone feels...
deeply ingrained.
I understand.
You've had dreams
and a lot of resistance.
not a lot of support
in realizing those dreams.
And when we've experienced...
hurt again and again.
we start to expect it.
It's like.
"Oh. I know this path.
I know where it goes."
So...
are you interested
in forging a new path
and see where that leads?
Sure. Why not?
You know. I'm here.
Great.
So I want to revisit
an exercise we've done before.
The role play.
- Oh. the acting thing?
- Yeah.
- I feel stupid doing that.
- I know.
But we have a few minutes.
Let's. um...
Yeah. let's try. A little bit.
(SIGHING):
All right.
MARY:
Let's set the scene.
Let's go back to the night
that Barbara left you.
You mean the night
she kicked me out
of my own house?
Yeah.
I'm playing myself.
- And I'll be Barbara.
- It is my house. by the way.
I'm the one paying for it.
- I know.
- (SIGHING): All right.
Okay. so. um...
(CLEARS THROAT)
I got home late.
I don't know how late.
Uh... She was already asleep.
Maybe midnight.
She usually goes to bed
before... It doesn't matter.
The point is. I was
in the kitchen. and. um...
the glass. I broke the glass.
and she comes running down
to see what happened. and...
things escalated.
And how do you feel?
Well. I was...
I was drunk. and. um...
I-I felt stupid. you know.
I was angry. because...
because I broke the glass.
Can you say that to me?
- Uh. what. to-to Barbara?
- Yeah.
Um... I'm sorry
that I woke you.
Maybe if you'd
come home earlier.
we could have spent
the evening together.
No. I was...
I was working. you know?
I came straight home
after work.
MARY:
Be honest with me. please.
I can smell it on your breath.
I had a few beers.
Define a few.
CLARK:
Well. it was a hard day.
I needed to wind down.
All you ever do
is wind down.
You're always at the store.
You want kids. right?
- We both do.
- Well. you know...
having a family takes money.
which means
someone has to work.
Unless being
a professional student
is considered a job
these days.
That's not fair. You know
I had to take time off.
CLARK: Well. it's not my fault
if you can't keep up.
How are you going
to be a lawyer
if you can't even handle
law school?
Who do you think pays
for everything
while you're gallivanting
around campus
like a 30-year-old freshman?
I'll give you a hint: it's me.
I pay for your school. I pay
for your time off school.
I pay for the roof
over your head.
- Can I talk now?
- No! No.
Because I'd like to know.
what do you think happens
if you do manage to graduate?
You know. you pop out a kid.
then leave me with the bill.
(SNICKERING): Or am I stuck
at home changing diapers because
you're too busy working for
the first time in your life?
- Now you're being cruel.
- I'm being honest.
I thought that's
what you always wanted.
Just because you didn't get to
be an architect doesn't mean--
I am a fucking architect!
God damn it. I'm just stuck
selling shit furniture because
someone won't get off their
fat fucking ass and help me!
(EXHALES SOFTLY)
How do you feel. Clark?
Who am I talking to?
- MARY: Me. here. now.
- You? Okay.
(SWALLOWS)
Um...
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to. uh...
(PUFF OF AIR)
...you know. get angry
or lose my temper
or whatever.
MARY: I know.
That's the purpose
of the whole exercise.
(CLARK HUFFS)
This is a good start.
To feel what you feel.
and then learn to identify
a new path.
Your reaction was
actually quite normal.
(BREATHES IN AND OUT)
Well. that's me!
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
- Well. ahoy there. mateys!
- (LIVELY FOLK MUSIC PLAYING)
Tired of spending
your hard-earned doubloons
on overpriced furniture?
Looking for deals
that'll shiver your timbers?
Then come on down
to Cap'n Clark's
Ottoman Empire.
the Santa Clara Valley's
favorite warehouse
and showrooms.
You'll find bedrooms.
living rooms.
dinettes. dens
and bathrooms aplenty.
First-time homeowners?
We've got ya.
New parents looking
for Billy's first crib?
We've got ya!
From the latest
in modern design
to the classic styles
of yesteryear.
it's all here
and it's all a steal.
What's that. Polly?
You're worried about credit?
Ha! Cap'n Clark says
no credit. no problem!
Sail the high seas
of high quality.
and leave your money problems
at the door.
Walk in today
and get your dream
sectional lounger.
kitchen table. floor lamp.
and bed frame here
at Cap'n Clark's
Ottoman Empire.
located at Capitol and McKee.
just off the 680.
Arr! Walk in today...
(PANTING)
...kick your feet back.
and enjoy an empire
of your own!
For every sultan
deserves a throne.
and we've got one
with your name on it.
here at Cap'n Clark's--
- (CHAIR CRACKS)
- (CLARK YELPS)
BOBBY:
No way!
- KAT: Clark. you good?
- Turn the camera off.
BOBBY: No. no. it's good.
It's outtake stuff. dude.
- Turn the fucking camera off.
- BOBBY: Okay... Jesus...
- (FOLK MUSIC CONTINUES)
- (CAMERA BEEPS)
You. uh. you need help?
No. I got it. I got it.
(GRUNTS)
Um...
- Are we going again. or...?
- No.
Kat. you can open
the store now.
- (CLARK GRUNTS)
- We've been open.
You know. dude.
I still don't get it.
Are you. like.
a pirate or a sultan?
- Just be good to establish it.
- I'm a... Shut up.
(GRUNTING): Piece of cheap
particleboard bullshit.
Clear this stuff up. will you?
Here.
(NEW WAVE MUSIC PLAYING
ON THE STORE'S SPEAKERS)
(METER MAN SIGHS)
Sorry about that.
How's it looking?
METER MAN:
Meter reads fine.
If your bill's coming in high.
that's on you.
What about the outages?
That happens after hours.
Don't know. Fluorescents
must be tripping a breaker.
(GRUNTS)
I turn the overheads off
when the store closes.
before the power gets weird.
Anyway. wouldn't that
just make the bills go down?
(METER MAN SLOWLY INHALES)
Where's your breaker box?
CLARK:
I'm no expert.
but I checked earlier.
and everything looks okay.
- You said the lights flicker.
- Yeah. the whole store does.
- Huh.
- Just not at the same time.
One night.
I lose the power upstairs.
Next night. it's down here.
There's no rhyme or...
(METER MAN SIGHS)
(CLARK SIGHS)
Who the hell installed
this thing?
Well. the building came wired.
I mean. it's dated.
but it's not that old.
(BREAKERS CLICKING)
METER MAN:
Take a look at this.
CLARK:
That wasn't there before.
Or... maybe I didn't notice.
Like I say. I'm no expert.
Why-why is it...
why is it going that way?
(METER MAN INHALES SHARPLY)
Better question:
what is it even connected to?
Huh?
CLARK (SHOUTING):
Kat! How's the power?
KAT: What?
Anything happen up there?
METER MAN:
Damn...
The rat's back.
- But the power's on.
- Yeah.
I thought we killed the rat.
We killed a rat.
- So is this the problem?
- Don't see how.
Power can't even go through
this part of the circuit.
It's just...
there.
Like some schmo
just stuck it in there.
(METER MAN FLICKING BREAKERS):
Yeah.
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIGHS)
(LIGHT FLICKERING)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
MAN 1 (ON TV):
Do you ever feel
like you're living
behind glass?
Watching life happen.
but never really
stepping into it?
Maybe it's time
to open the window within.
WOMAN (ON TV): You can be
the author of your own design
because we all deserve
another chance
to fulfill our dreams.
The moment you believe
change is possible.
you've already begun.
MAN 1 (ON TV):
Order The Window Within
and the companion
three-part audio program.
Guided Openings.
by Dr. Mary Klein.
Available now
for $24.95 plus shipping.
Call 1-800-555-0199.
WOMAN (ON TV): It's never
too late to forge a new path.
MAN 2 (ON TV): So. you're
still trusting paper folders.
mislabeled tapes.
and a locked filing cabinet
that anyone
with a spare key can open?
Your business runs
on information.
yet most companies treat
their data like clutter...
(DREAMY. DARK MUSIC PLAYING)
(MAN 2 ON TV
SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
ALIEN 1: That small blip
is not an asteroid.
It's a spaceship.
and it's on our tail.
- It's getting closer.
- ALIEN 2: Impossible. Rigna.
They couldn't have spotted us.
We have our radar shield on.
ALIEN 1: I know that. sir.
but they are gaining on us.
ALIEN 2: Is it possible
Earth has a secret device
that can penetrate
our radar shield?
- (TV CLICKS OFF)
- (ALCOHOL SLOSHING AROUND)
(SIGHS)
(TV CLICKS)
(SOFT GRUNT)
Piece of shit.
(SIGHS)
(REMOTE LIGHTLY THUDS)
(LIGHTS FLICKER ON)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS)
(LIGHTS FLICKERING)
(HUFFS)
(SIGHS)
(LIGHTS CLICK SHUT)
(INHALES. EXHALES)
(DARK MUSIC PLAYING)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
MARY (ON TAPE): Why did you
do this to yourself?
How did you get here?
Your consciousness
is a room full of memories
that is constantly evolving.
But as you walk through life.
the untrained mind
can start to build walls.
put up barriers
to protect itself
from the outside world.
(ENGINE IDLES)
It's a natural response.
Something we are
often unaware of.
(CLARK SIGHS)
But if gone unchecked.
it can leave you
feeling trapped.
You can become convinced
that the world outside
is better off without you.
That you never deserve
the relationships you've had.
(CLARK SIGHS)
Resigned to watch
your life unfold
from behind a lone window.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
I can help you open it now
because the window
isn't locked.
The latch was never broken.
Are you ready to step through?
So that you can reclaim that
which was once yours...
and take back control
of your life.
The life you want
to be living.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Unburdened by the traumas of the past.
Free of the confines
you had built.
WOMAN: ...to leave.
and so I decided...
And free to choose
a path of your own design.
(SYNTHPOP MUSIC PLAYING
ELSEWHERE IN THE HOUSE)
(BACKGROUND
OVERLAPPING CHATTER)
MARY:
(SIGHS)
(MUSIC AND CHATTER
NOW MUFFLED)
(MARY INHALES)
(DISTANT CITY HUM)
(LIGHTS FLICKERING)
(CAR PASSING BY)
MAN (ON TV): Well. hey there.
cowboys and cowgirls!
Are you looking
to rustle up the best deals
this side of the Rio Grande?
(HUFFING):
Prick.
Well. yeehaw. I say yeehaw!
Here at Big Wayne's.
our dining room sets
are gonna make you feel
like you just struck gold.
So don't even think
about going anyplace else.
Big Wayne's.
just look for the golden--
(SOFT STATIC)
(STATIC GROWS LOUDER)
(TV CLICKS OFF)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
What the...
(LIGHTS FLICKER)
Stupid... Fuck! Piece of shit!
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(HUFFS)
(WEIRD BREAKER CLICKING)
(SIGHS)
(EERIE BUZZING)
(EXHALES SOFTLY)
(SHALLOW BREATHING)
(DEEPER BREATHING)
(DISTANT ELECTRICITY BUZZING)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(EERIE SWOOSH)
(GASPS)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(MUMBLES INCOHERENTLY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CLEARS THROAT)
(EXHALES LOUDLY)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(FLOOR CREAKING)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(DISTANT RECORDED VOICES FROM
GREETING IN 55 LANGUAGES )
FEMALE VOICE IN CANTONESE:
Gok wai hou maa?
Zuk gok wai ping on gin
hong faai lok.
(GASPS)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN AKKADIAN)
FEMALE VOICE IN RUSSIAN:
Zdrávstvuyte! Privétstvuyu Vas!
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING IN THAI)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ARABIC)
IN ARABIC CONTINUES)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ROMANIAN)
FEMALE VOICE IN FRENCH:
Bonjour tout le monde.
FEMALE VOICE IN BURMESE:
Naykaungg parsalarr?
MALE VOICE IN HEBREW:
Shalom.
MALE VOICE IN SPANISH:
Hola y saludos a todos.
MALE VOICE IN INDONESIAN:
Selamat malam hadirin sekalian.
selamat berpisah...
Hello?
...dilain waktu.
MALE VOICE IN QUECHUA:
Kay pachamamta niytapas maytapas
rimapallasta runasimipi.
MALE VOICE IN PUNJABI:
Aao ji. jee aya nu.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN HITTITE)
IN BENGALI)
MALE VOICE IN LATIN:
Salvete quicumque estis;
bonam erga
vos voluntatem habemus.
et pacem per astra ferimus.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ARAMAIC)
FEMALE VOICE IN DUTCH:
Hartelijke groeten aan iedereen.
FEMALE VOICE IN GERMAN:
Herzliche Grüße an alle.
FEMALE VOICE IN URDU:
Assalamu alaikum.
Hum zameen ke rehne
waalon ki taraf se
aap ko khush aamdeed
kehte hain.
What the fuck?
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN VIETNAMESE)
IN TURKISH)
FEMALE VOICE IN JAPANESE:
Konnichiwa. O genki desu ka?
MALE VOICE IN HINDI:
Dharati ke waasiyon ki
or se namaskar.
MALE VOICE IN WELSH:
Lechyd da i chi yn awr.
ac yn oesoedd.
FEMALE VOICE IN ITALIAN:
Tanti auguri e saluti.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN SINHALA)
MALE VOICE IN ZULU:
Siya nibingelela maqhawe
sinifisela inkonzo ende.
MALE VOICE IN SOTHO:
Reani lumelisa marela.
FEMALE VOICE IN WU:
Tsoh na da ka hoa.
FEMALE VOICE IN ARMENIAN:
Bolor anonts' vor ky gtnuin
tiezergi migamatsut'iwnen andin.
voghjoynner.
FEMALE VOICE IN KOREAN:
Annyeong haseyo.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN POLISH)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN NEPALI)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN MANDARIN)
MALE VOICE IN ILA:
Mypone kaboutu noose.
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN SWEDISH)
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
MALE VOICE IN NYANJA:
Mulibwanji imwe boonse
bantu bakumwamba.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN GUJARATI)
IN GUJARATI CONTINUES)
MALE VOICE IN UKRAINIAN:
Peresylayemo pryvit
iz nashoho svitu.
bazhayemo shchastya.
zdorov'ya I mnohaya lita.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN PERSIAN)
(GRUNTS)
(CREAKING)
(MUFFLED GRUNTING)
(HATCH CRACKS)
(HATCH CREAKS)
(MUFFLED MALE VOICE
SPEAKING IN SERBIAN)
(CLEARER MALE VOICE
SPEAKING IN ORIYA)
MALE VOICE IN GANDA:
Musulayo mutya abantu
bensi eno mukama
abawe emirembe bulijo.
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN MARATHI)
(ZIPPER OPENS)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN MARATHI CONTINUES)
FEMALE VOICE IN AMOY:
Thài-khong pêng-iú. lín-hó.
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN AMOY CONTINUES)
IN HUNGARIAN)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN TELUGU)
Hello?
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN CZECH)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN KANNADA)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN RAJASTHANI)
(HEAD THUDS)
(GROANS)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN RAJASTHANI CONTINUES)
MALE CHILD VOICE: Hello from
the children of Planet Earth.
(DISTANT MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN SUMERIAN)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
MALE VOICE IN ANCIENT GREEK:
Hoitines pot'este chairete!
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ANCIENT GREEK CONTINUES)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
FEMALE VOICE IN PORTUGUESE:
Paz e felicidade a todos.
FEMALE VOICE in Cantonese:
Gok wai hou maa? Zuk gok wai...
(GRUNTING SOFTLY)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN AKKADIAN)
Ooh...
FAINT MALE VOICE IN QUECHUA:
Kay pachamamta niytapas
maytapas rimapallasta
runasimipi.
MALE VOICE IN PUNJABI:
Aao ji. jee aya nu.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN HITTITE)
IN BENGALI)
MALE VOICE IN LATIN:
Salvete quicumque estis;
bonam erga vos voluntatem
habemus.
et pacem per astra ferimus.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ARAMAIC)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
FEMALE VOICE IN DUTCH:
Hartelijke groeten aan iedereen.
FEMALE VOICE IN GERMAN:
Herzliche Grüße an alle.
FEMALE VOICE IN URDU:
Assalamu alaikum.
Hum zameen ke rehne waalon ki
taraf se aap ko khush
aamdeed kehte hain.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN VIETNAMESE)
IN TURKISH)
FEMALE VOICE IN JAPANESE:
Konnichiwa. O genki desu ka?
MALE VOICE IN HINDI: Dharati
ke waasiyon ki or se namaskar.
MALE VOICE IN WELSH: Lechyd
da i chi yn awr. ac yn oesoedd.
FEMALE VOICE IN ITALIAN:
Tanti auguri e saluti.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN SINHALA)
MALE VOICE IN ZULU: Siya
nibingelela maqhawe sinifisela
inkonzo ende.
MALE VOICE IN SOTHO:
Reani lumelisa marela.
(LOUD THUD IN THE DISTANCE)
FEMALE VOICE IN WU: Tsoh na
da ka hoa. Tsoh na da ka hoa.
(RHYTHMIC THUDDING)
FEMALE VOICE (in Armenian):
Bolor anonts’ vor ky gtnuin
tiezergi migamatsut’iwnen andin.
voghjoynner.
FEMALE VOICE (in Korean):
Annyeong haseyo.
- (FEMALE VOICE. IN POLISH)
- (RHYTHMIC THUDDING CONTINUES)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING IN NEPALI
GROWING LOUDER)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN MANDARIN)
MALE VOICE IN ILA:
Mypone kaboutu noose.
FEMALE VOICE IN SWEDISH:
Hälsningar från
en dataprogrammerare
i den lilla universitetsstaden
Ithaca på planeten Jorden.
MALE VOICE IN NYANJA:
Mulibwanji imwe boonse bantu...
Anyone there?
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN GUJARATI)
- (VOICE STOPS ABRUPTLY)
- (LIGHTS BUZZING)
(DISTANT. SLOW CREAK)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(LOUD CRASH)
(CLATTER)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(HEAVY THUDS)
(YELPS)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(GRUNTING)
- (RATTLING)
- (CLARK GROANS)
- (HEAVY THUD)
- (DOORKNOBS RATTLE)
Oh. fuck...
(SIGH OF RELIEF)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Okay. Okay...
(BREATHING RAPIDLY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PANICKED BREATHING)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(EERIE SWOOSH)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PANICKED BREATHING)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(SWALLOWS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING SLOWS DOWN)
FEMALE VOICE IN FRENCH:
Bonjour tout le monde.
FEMALE VOICE IN BURMESE:
Naykaungg parsalarr?
MALE VOICE IN HEBREW:
Shalom.
MALE VOICE IN SPANISH:
Hola y saludos a todos.
MALE VOICE IN INDONESIAN:
Selamat malam hadirin sekalian.
selamat berpisah dan sampai
bertemu lagi dilain waktu.
MALE VOICE IN QUECHUA:
Kay pachamamta
niytapas maytapas
rimapallasta runasimipi.
MALE VOICE IN PUNJABI:
Aao ji. jee aya nu.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN HITTITE)
IN BENGALI)
MALE VOICE IN LATIN:
Salvete quicumque estis;
bonam erga
vos voluntatem habemus.
et pacem per astra ferimus.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ARAMAIC)
FEMALE VOICE IN DUTCH:
Hartelijke groeten aan iedereen.
FEMALE VOICE IN GERMAN:
Herzliche Grüße an alle.
FEMALE VOICE IN URDU:
Assalamu alaikum.
Hum zameen ke rehne waalon ki
taraf se aap ko khush
aamdeed kehte hain.
(DISTANT CITY HUM)
(BIRDS CALLS)
CLARK:
Sorry I'm late.
(CLARK SIGHS)
Traffic was hell.
and I couldn't leave early.
Let's just use
the time we have.
(CLARK BREATHING DEEPLY)
How are you today. Clark?
(LAUGHING):
How do I look?
Fine. A little tired. maybe.
I look like shit.
MARY:
Can I ask. and there is
no wrong answer here.
you know that...
Are you intoxicated right now?
Why you say it like that?
Like what?
I haven't had a drink
since Friday.
It's probably why
I look like shit.
(CLEARS THROAT)
- Can I ask you something?
- Sure.
You ever 5150'd someone?
A few times over the years.
when it was necessary.
Wh-wha-what makes it
necessary?
If I believe that the person
is a danger
to themselves or others.
or they're gravely disabled.
Okay. Okay.
Um...
(CLEARS THROAT)
I found something
in the store.
Okay. What did you find?
Uh...
A place. I f...
I found a place.
A place?
Yeah. It's like. um...
It's like the store
just. uh...
continues. I guess.
(CHUCKLING): It's like...
you know. like there's a wall
and on the other side
of the wall.
the store just keeps going.
you know.
like-like a...
like a copy of itself.
I-I-I figure they're using
mirrors or something
to hide the entrance.
I don't know.
Sorry. I'm not following you.
Is this a room
you didn't know about before?
No.
Okay. so y-y-you go in
and. uh. at first
it just looks like a-
like an office building.
Like a... like a huge
office building. you know?
And then. uh...
But then you-you keep going.
and then-then you realize
th-th-that none of it
makes any sense.
It's-it's like. um...
Imagine describing a dog
to someone
who's never seen one before
and then asking them
to draw it.
They might get
some things right. you know.
but there's no way
they'd get everything right.
You know.
the devil's in the details.
So from a distance.
you look at it.
you think you're seeing a dog.
but then you look clos--
Why are you
looking at me like that?
I'm just trying to understand.
CLARK: Oh.
You know. for a shrink.
you got a terrible poker face.
What you're saying
might sound fantastical.
but not dangerous.
Are there any people
in these offices?
Not that I've seen.
You know. I hear. um...
There's footsteps. an-an-and
stuff gets moved around
when I'm not looking.
I know how this sounds.
but you've got to understand.
it's massive in there.
Like New-York's-subway-system
massive. you know.
For all I know.
there's hundreds of people.
I just haven't seen them.
(CLEARS THROAT)
CLARK: Look.
You see? It's like a...
(CHUCKLES)
It's like a maze.
It just goes on and on and on.
(LAUGHS)
Sometimes I'm scared
I'll get lost.
Why do you think no one else
has found this place?
(SIGHS)
I don't know.
The entrance is
on the subfloor.
so the whole structure is
probably underground.
you know?
It's not on any city maps.
The entrances are hidden.
so who'd think to look?
I'm not saying
I don't believe you...
but you told me yourself
you haven't had a drink
since Friday.
- Do you think there is a--
- Okay.
- Clark--
- No. no.
- If this is true--
- Yeah. I get it. Thank you.
(PAPER RUMPLES)
You know. I'm gonna
come back here with proof
and you're gonna owe me
a serious fucking apology.
(OFFICE DOOR OPENS)
(MARY EXHALES)
(RETREATING FOOTSTEPS)
(FRONT DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
(ENGINE STARTS OUTSIDE)
(CAR DRIVES AWAY)
(EXHALES)
(SHORT SIGH)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SIGHS)
(WHISPERS TO HIMSELF)
Kat!
BOBBY: Jesus. goddamn.
I'm coming! I'm coming!
- CLARK: Hey.
- Cap'n Clark?
- CLARK: Um...
- Wait. wait. wait. wait. Kat?
- KAT: I'm coming.
- Kat!
- KAT: Okay. I'm coming!
- (BOBBY SIGHS)
- CLARK: Look--
- KAT: What the fuck?
CLARK:
Yeah. I'm sorry. uh...
What are you guys doing
tomorrow?
KAT:
What are you talking about?
CLARK: I'll pay you.
Two hours. Overtime. Tops.
Okay. pay us for what?
(FALTERS)
Research.
CLARK:
You got the camera. right?
You can-you can
borrow it again...
CLARK: Right?
(HISSING FROM ANALOG AUDIO)
(CLARK'S FOOTSTEPS)
(BAG RUSTLING)
BOBBY:
Okay. we are rolling.
We got. um.
some shit over here.
We got some stop signs
and. uh... a rope.
What's the rope for?
Supplies.
KAT: Oh. great.
he's gonna tie us up.
No. we're gonna tie
ourselves up.
BOBBY:
Hmm. Kinky.
KAT:
What the fuck?
BOBBY:
Uh. you still haven't told us
what we're doing here. man.
I did tell you. Research.
These are supplies. and we're
using them for research.
It's not that hard
to understand.
BOBBY:
Okay. research for what?
Y-you gotta be
more specific. dude.
I'm gonna go through the door.
KAT:
What door?
- That's the door.
- (BOBBY SNORTS)
I taped an outline
on the other side. too.
just to help us find
our way back.
- KAT: Bobby?
- BOBBY (CHUCKLING): What?
Look. I know it sounds crazy.
but follow my lead.
- Okay?
- (BOBBY EXHALES LOUDLY)
I want to be back
before sunup.
BOBBY: Dude. it's like 9 p.m.
What the fuck are you talk--
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (BOBBY GASPS)
- KAT: What the fuck! Clark?!
- BOBBY: What the fuck?
- KAT: How did you do that?
- BOBBY: Dude. did you...
Did you fucking see that?!
H-how did he. um...
CLARK: I'm right here.
Come see for yourself.
BOBBY: What the fuck?
D-did you just fucking...
What? How the f...
KAT: Bobby. stop.
What are you doing?
- BOBBY: What the fuck?!
- KAT: Clark. where are you?
BOBBY: Ha! Hey. did you...
did you see that?
- Where the fuck did he go?
- KAT: Yes. Bobby. I saw it!
BOBBY:
Oh! Where the f--
CLARK: Just step through
the door. you'll be fine!
KAT: What?! No!
Tell us what is going on!
- BOBBY: You know what. just...
- (AUDIO CRACKLING)
KAT: No. Bobby. wait! Bobby!
Wait. what are you doing?
KAT (VOICE DISTORTED):
Bobby!
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
BOBBY: What the fuck?!
(SURPRISED LAUGH)
Dude!
Dude. how is this possible?
- KAT: Bobby! Clark!
- BOBBY: Okay...
KAT: Where are you?
What the fuck is back there?
BOBBY: No. no. no. Kat.
it's good. it's good.
J-just. you gotta
come see this.
(EERIE SWOOSH)
(BOBBY EXHALES SHARPLY)
I mean... Right. you see...
- You see. it's. um...
- (KAT BREATHES HEAVILY)
- BOBBY: It's fine.
- Clark. what is this?
- Where are we?
- CLARK: Oh!
That's what I'm trying
to figure out.
BOBBY: Whose. um...
Whose shit is this?
Is it-is it...
is it part of your store?
CLARK:
If it belongs to someone.
- I haven't met them yet.
- BOBBY: Okay...
I've been in here every night
since I found the place.
and I still barely scratched
the surface.
- (BOBBY EXHALES DEEPLY)
- Come on. I'll show you.
It only gets better.
- BOBBY: What the fuck...
- KAT: Hey. Hey.
You don't think he. like.
dosed us or something. do you?
What? No. no. no.
We're not on drugs.
I think I'd be able to tell
if I was high.
You are high!
Pot doesn't count.
BOBBY:
So. um. it's like...
what. like an empty
office building?
In here? Sure.
But it's like it was made
by a bunch of construction
workers on acid.
(LAUGHING):
There's even a pool!
There's a pool?
Yeah. I mean. kind of.
- (BOBBY CHUCKLES)
- Keep up.
BOBBY:
"Pots." What the fuck?
(BOBBY EXHALES DEEPLY)
CLARK: Yeah. no. no. that's
the way I went last time.
Yeah. when I was looking for
a staircase down or something.
Only thing I found so far
is basically more of a...
BOBBY: Okay...
CLARK: I don't know.
it's like a ramp. really.
It's. uh... It's up here.
(BOBBY WHISTLES. SNIFFS)
CLARK: We'll be at it
in a minute.
- (CAMERA THUDS)
- BOBBY: Okay...
(FAINT WHIR FROM
THE CAMERA ZOOMING IN)
(BOBBY EXHALES SHARPLY)
KAT: How many floors
does it go down?
Is this not technically...
CLARK: Okay.
All right. you filming?
- BOBBY: Yeah.
- CLARK: All right.
KAT: I don't see why Bobby
has to be the one to go.
- BOBBY: I want to.
- He's the one with the camera.
KAT: Well. it's not
like it's attached.
BOBBY:
Yeah. well. I mean.
to my student ID.
yeah. it kinda is.
Any trouble. just give a tug.
and I'll pull you up. okay?
KAT: Trouble?
Clark. what fucking trouble?
There's not going to be
any trouble.
BOBBY:
Babe. babe. babe. it's good.
- No. hey--
- It's good. I'm good.
Baby. you don't have
to do this.
No. it's cool. I-I just want
to see what's down there.
- Are you not curious?
- KAT: This is stupid!
- Just go as far as you can.
- BOBBY: No. look. look. look!
You can basically
walk down without a rope.
It's fine.
and it's not even steep.
(CLARK GRUNTS)
Okay.
BOBBY: Okay. just don't...
just one thing.
If I don't come back. you'll
tell my mom I love her. right?
- (KAT BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (BOBBY CHUCKLES)
- CLARK: Okay.
- BOBBY: All right. okay.
CLARK:
All right. just take it slow.
- CLARK: Okay.
- (BOBBY BREATHING HEAVILY)
BOBBY: Oh. it is
actually kind of steep.
- You good?
- BOBBY: Yeah.
- Just. uh... try not to drop me.
- All right.
CLARK: Tell me
how much you need.
(BOBBY BREATHING LOUDLY)
(UNSTEADY FOOTSTEPS)
BOBBY:
Whoa... Careful!
- (BUMPING)
- (BOBBY GASPS)
What the... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Fuck! Aah...
What the fuck
are you guys doing up there?
CLARK: Sorry. sorry!
It was stuck
around the leg of the bed!
- KAT: Are you okay?
- BOBBY: Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
(MUTTERING):
Jesus fucking Christ...
Just keep letting me down!
CLARK:
All right. Here we go.
(CAUTIOUS FOOTSTEPS)
BOBBY:
Okay. I'm in.
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
CLARK:
See anything?
BOBBY: Ugh...
Uh. it's just...
It's a bunch of laundry
and shit.
CLARK: What do you mean?
Clothes?
BOBBY: Yeah. it just
fucking stinks down here.
CLARK:
See anything else?
BOBBY: Yeah. just. uh...
Just give me a minute.
CLARK: Okay.
(BOBBY GROANS IN DISGUST)
(BOBBY TAKES A DEEP BREATH)
Oh. god...
(BOBBY SIGHS)
What the fuck?
KAT: Bobby?
BOBBY: Yeah.
KAT: Just checking
that you're okay.
BOBBY:
Yeah. I'm fine. Just. um...
Okay...
Yeah.
Okay.
(BOBBY TAKES A DEEP BREATH)
(BOBBY GROANS IN DISGUST)
What the fuck...?
(SINISTER MUSIC GROWS LOUDER)
(LIGHTS FLICKER)
KAT:
Bobby? Come back up!
- I don't like this!
- (ROPE CREAKING)
BOBBY: Hey! Uh...
Let some more line out!
CLARK: I can't!
It's as far as it goes.
BOBBY: Fuck...
- (OMINOUS CREAK)
- (BOBBY GASPS)
(REPEATING):
Fuck! Pull me up!
KAT:
Bobby! What is it?
- BOBBY (PANTING): Fuck!
- CLARK: What do you see?
KAT: What the fuck is it?
Pull him up!
- CLARK: I am! Jesus Christ!
- BOBBY: Fuck!
KAT:
Pull harder!
BOBBY: Pull. man!
What the fuck!
CLARK: It's getting caught
on my feet!
- I can't pull--
- KAT: Fucking pull harder!
- Clark. hurry up!
- (BOBBY PANTING)
KAT: Almost here! Almost here.
babe. just a little more!
- Pull him up!
- CLARK: What did you see?
BOBBY: There's. uh.
there's someone down there.
- We've got you. What?
- Fuck.
Slow down. just breathe.
Baby. it's okay.
Just get this shit
off me. man. Fuck. Jesus.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- CLARK: What did you see?
- Here. Hey. deep breath.
- What kind of knot is this?
Deep breath--
(KAT SCREAMS)
- What the fuck?!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Help us! Clark!
- Hold on!
- CLARK: Okay. okay. okay!
- Help. you fucking asshole!
- CLARK: Let me get it!
- BOBBY: Untie me. man!
What the hell
are you doing. Clark?
- CLARK: I can't!
- KAT: Hurry. Clark!
- I'm trying. I'm trying!
- BOBBY: FUCK!
- (SHOUTING)
- BOBBY: Don't let go!
- KAT: Hold on!
- BOBBY: Fuck! Don't let me go!
- Don't let me go!
- CLARK: Let me get at--
- (BOBBY SCREAMING)
- KAT: BOBBY!
BOBBY (SCREAMING):
NO! KAT. NO!
(KAT CRYING)
- CLARK: Bobby!
- (BOBBY SCREAMING)
KAT: BOBBY!
- (KAT SOBBING)
- CLARK: Bobby!
KAT: What are we doing?
We need to... Clark!
(KAT SCREAMING)
(CLARK'S AND KAT'S SCREAMS
CUTTING IN AND OUT)
- (CLARK GROANS)
- (CLATTERING TUMBLE)
- (CLARK GRUNTS)
- (SQUELCHING. GROWLING)
KAT:
Bobby! No! No! No!
CLARK:
Ow... KAT! Kat...
KAT: Bobby!
(SHOUTING)
- KAT: Bobby! No!
- (CLARK MOANS)
(POUNDS ON DOOR)
KAT: Bobby! No!
CLARK: Kat!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Oh. fuck...
(MOANS)
- (SHRIEKING)
- (CLARK WHIMPERS)
Oh. no. no. no. no. no! No!
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(CLARK WHIMPERING)
(CRACKLING)
(CLARK BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTING)
(QUICK FOOTSTEPS)
(LOUD CRASH)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(RELAXING MUSIC PLAYING
LOUDLY IN THE ROOM)
Kat?!
Kat?
- (LOUD THUD)
- (GASPS)
- (CLOSER THUD)
(WHIMPERS)
(LOUD SCRAPING)
(PANTING)
(GROANS)
(DOOR SLAMS)
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING
FELIZ NAVIDAD IN THE ROOM)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MUSIC BOX STOPS)
(MUSIC BOX RESUMES)
(CLARK HOLDS HIS BREATH)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Hello?
(MUSIC BOX STOPS)
- (CLARK YELPS)
- (EERIE GROAN)
- (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
- (CLARK GASPS)
(CLARK MUMBLES. PANICKED)
Stay back!
Get away from me!
(WHIMPERS)
(LONG EERIE SHRIEK)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(EERIE SHRIEK CONTINUES)
(PANTING)
- (GASPS)
- (WATER SPLASHES)
- (FOOTSTEPS SQUEAKING)
- (MOANS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(RUNNING WATER)
- (CRASH IN THE DISTANCE)
- (GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(KNOCKING ON THE WALL)
(GASPS)
KAT:
Clark? CLARK! I'm here...
(KAT KNOCKS AGAIN)
I'm here!
It's gonna come back.
Please. Clark.
please let me in!
- Kat?
- KAT: Let me in!
(KAT SOBBING)
Wh-wh-where are you?
KAT: We have to go now. Clark!
We have to go.
It's gonna come back.
it's gonna find me!
Kat! Kat? Uh... Wait. I don't
understand. Wh-where are you?
KAT (CRYING):
Please. let me the fuck in!
(KAT KNOCKING. SOBBING)
But it's a...
it's-it's a wall!
How can-how can you see me?
KAT: I'm on the other side
of the glass.
- How can you see...?
- KAT: How can you not see me?
What glass?! What the fuck
are you talking about?
(PANICKED BREATH)
Wh-what are you talk--
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Okay. can you see anything
on your side?
Can you see a handle. a door?
Is there a hatch. anything?
KAT (SOBBING):
No. no. no. no...
Uh... Okay. Let me figure
this out. okay? Just hold on.
Hold on. okay?
It's just...
(KAT CRYING)
- KAT: Clark?
- No. no. just let me...
- KAT: Clark!
- Just hold on!
- Let me figure this out!
- KAT: CLARK!
- Let me figure this out...
- KAT: Clark! Clark!
Clark. behind you!
(KAT HEAVING)
(FLY BUZZING)
(DOG BARKING OUTSIDE)
(CHILDREN'S VOICES OUTSIDE)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING SOFTLY)
(INDISTINCT CHILDREN CHATTER)
(CREAKING)
(PAPER RUSTLES)
(WINDOW HANDLE SQUEAKING)
- Mary!
- (CLACK)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
- (EERIE TINKLING)
- (LOW RUMBLE)
(MARY'S MOM
INHALES DEEPLY)
Mary...
what were you thinking?
I never. ever.
ever said
you could go outside.
It's no good.
They're all over the place.
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
- (MARY'S MOM SIGHS)
- (KNOCKING ON FRONT DOOR)
(CREAKING)
(LOUD CRASH)
(GASPS)
(EXHALES)
(INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY)
(PHONE RINGING)
(ANSWERING MACHINE
ACTIVATING SIGNAL)
(GREETING MESSAGE): Hi.
you've reached Dr. Mary Klein.
I'm not able
to answer the call.
so please leave a message.
and I'll get back to you
as soon as I can.
(CRACKLING ON THE LINE)
CLARK (ON ANSWERING MACHINE):
Mary...
(CLARK'S SHUDDERING BREATH)
I opened the window.
I won't be coming back.
(END OF MESSAGE SIGNAL)
(ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
(SEAGULLS CALLING)
(LIQUID SLOSHING AROUND)
(RUSTLE. CLINK)
(BRAKE SQUEAKING)
(ENGINE IDLES)
(POPCORN POPPING)
GIRL (ON TV):
Please!
(MICROWAVE BEEPS)
Save us!
BOY (ON TV):
All right! I'll do it!
I'll save you! I will do it!
(BOY ON TV SHOUTING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC ON TV)
BOY (ON TV):
Don't die!
(BOY ON TV SCREAMING)
I don't know
where that hand's been.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC ON TV ENDS)
CAP'N CLARK (ON TV):
Well. ahoy there. mateys!
Now. according to me map.
we've landed
on the crystal shores
of a bountiful land.
a land filled
with great deals.
So drop your anchors
and come on down
to Cap'n Clark's
Ottoman Empire.
Get lost in an endless sea
of quality tables. chairs.
couches. and bedroom sets.
Need bed bunks
for the scallywagses quarters?
We’ve got it all!
And at prices so low
you’ll think
that you’re robbing me!
(INAUDIBLE)
(DISTANT TRAFFIC HUM)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(BOSSA NOVA MUZAK PLAYING
ON STORE'S SPEAKERS)
Hello?
(FLY BUZZING)
Clark?
(LIGHTS FLICKERING)
Clark. can you hear me?
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING)
(BOSSA NOVA MUZAK
PLAYING FROM UPSTAIRS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING SOFTLY)
Clark?
(SHALLOW BREATHING)
(GASPS)
(INAUDIBLE FLASHBACK)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC CONTINUES)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING SOFTLY)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING LOUDER)
(FLY BUZZING)
(BUZZING STOPS ABRUPTLY)
- (GASPS)
- (WIND CHIMES TINKLING)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (UNKNOWN CREAKING)
- (GASPS)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING)
(DEEP BREATHS)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC RISES)
(BREATHING ANXIOUSLY)
- (EERIE SWOOSH)
- (GASPS)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(FLY BUZZING)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(INHALES SHARPLY)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
Clark?
(TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(FLIES BUZZING)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(SHALLOW BREATHING)
(TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(FAINT VOICES IN THE DISTANCE)
(VOICES GETTING LOUDER)
(CLEARER VOICES. OVERLAPPING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(TENSE MUSIC TURNS EERIE)
(VOICES FADE OUT)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(CREAKING)
(STARTLING TONE)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
Clark?
CLARK:
You found it.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
MARY:
Why are you hiding?
CLARK:
You were being too loud.
(CLARK SIGHS)
Where are we?
It's...
(DEEP BREATH)
...every place that ever was.
(FLIES BUZZING)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
How long have you been here?
(HESITATES)
- (LOUD THUD. EERIE GROWL)
- (MARY GASPS)
- (CREAKING)
- What was that?
(EERIE GROWL. CREAKING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
CLARK:
Stay calm.
(RHYTHMIC THUDDING)
It's only me.
(MARY BREATHING HEAVILY)
You know me.
(RHYTHMIC HEAVY THUDS)
(THUDS GETTING LOUDER)
(TENSE MUSIC RISES)
(FLICKERING AND
THUDDING STOP ABRUPTLY)
(LIGHT CLICKING OFF)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CLARK GRUNTING)
- (MARY CHOKING)
(MARY'S RASPING BREATH)
(CLARK'S DISTORTED GRUNT)
CLARK (DISTORTED):
I'm sorry.
This is for your own good.
(MARY'S STRENUOUS BREATHING)
(DISTORTED CHIME TINKLES)
(SINISTER MUSIC FADES OUT)
(DISTORTED CHIME TINKLES
FADE OUT)
(1920s SLOW JAZZ MUSIC
WITH VINYL CRACKLING EFFECT)
(WHEELCHAIR CLICKS)
(WHEELCHAIR SQUEAKS)
(JAZZ MUSIC CONTINUES)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING.
OVERLAPPING JAZZ MUSIC)
(JAZZ MUSIC FADES OUT)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC CONTINUES)
(EERIE RUMBLING
AND CREAKING)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
CLARK (DISTANT VOICE):
As you walk through life.
the untrained mind
accumulates loops. habits...
(EXHALES SOFTLY)
...behaviors that keep you
drifting in circles.
creating the same problems.
reaching
for the same solutions
over and over again.
Still. it's the neural pathway
of least resistance.
(MARY'S SHUDDERING BREATH)
(DISTORTED
OLD JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
(VOICE CLEAR)
The one I made.
The one that kept me safe...
when I was a child.
(CLEARS THROAT)
You know...
(CLARK INHALES DEEPLY)
I learned to push people away
before they could hurt me.
And. now. as an adult.
I'm still stuck
right where I started.
(DEEP SIGH)
Alone.
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
What is this?
It's a real mess.
Am I right?
Clark...
(SWALLOWS HARD)
...let me help you...
before you do anything
you can't take back.
Answer the question.
Yes. it's a real mess.
But also beautiful in a way.
No?
(DISTORTED
OLD JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
Who are these people?
This place builds them.
Oh. actually.
more like it remembers them.
(EXHALES SLOWLY)
And the more times
it remembers something.
the less it does.
Somewhere out there
is a guy in a striped shirt.
but. in here. he's...
remembered.
Just slightly wrong.
(CLARK SIGHS)
Somewhere out there is a man
in a wheelchair. and a lamp.
I'm pretty sure that's
how you get all of this.
You know. all these places
and rooms and buildings
misremembering themselves.
Clark...
let's talk this through.
In some ways...
they're an improvement
on the originals.
For starters.
they can't feel anything.
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
- (UNSETTLING MUSIC RISES)
- (MARY GASPS)
(SQUELCHING NOISES)
(HEAVY. PANICKED BREATHING)
(MARY EXHALES LOUDLY)
Can you imagine
how good that must feel?
(CLARK LAUGHS)
I mean...
(MARY LOUDLY EXHALES)
...there's no thoughts
or pain. no ego. no fear.
They simply...
exist.
Like... like furniture!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Look at this.
The best part.
- (BUTTONS POPPING)
- (CLARK GRUNTS SOFTLY)
You can eat them!
(CLARK CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
- (SQUELCHING TEAR)
- (GASPS LOUDLY)
(CLARK GRUNTS)
- (SQUELCHING TEAR)
- (TROUBLED GROAN)
(SQUELCHING TEAR)
- (GOOEY PLOP)
- (MARY GASPS)
(CLARK CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(EXCITED CHUCKLE)
(SURPRISED MUMBLE)
(CLARK'S SUDDEN EXCLAMATION)
(GASPS. SHUDDERING BREATH)
(CLARK SIGHS)
(LABORED BREATHING)
That's my. uh...
assistant manager.
(LABORED BREATHING)
(GRUNTS)
I tried to help her.
but she just. uh...
Clark!
If you untie me.
we can talk this through.
get you feeling better.
Yeah. well.
what if I did untie you?
You know. what then?
You'd run around here
like a chicken
with its head cut off.
looking for a way out.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
But you'd end up in
the same place you are now.
(PANTING)
Like the path thing
you're always talking about.
Clark!
I just want to help you.
Just tell me what you need.
I'll-I'll-I'll do it.
Yeah?
Yeah. Yes. please.
(DEEP SIGH)
Okay.
Well. I want you to tell me
that I didn't do
anything wrong. you know.
that-that you were wrong
about me.
I was wrong about you! I was.
- I was wrong about you.
- No. no. not-not like that.
Not... not so fast. okay?
I mean. I wanna...
I want to set the scene first!
(CLARK CHUCKLES)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Let's start. um...
well. the night that. uh...
that I got kicked out
of my own house.
Yeah?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CLARK SIGHS)
It was. um... It was late.
A lot darker.
Uh...
Lights. please.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CHUCKLES)
I tried this exercise
with her before.
It doesn't go anywhere.
(CHUCKLES LIGHTLY)
(INHALES)
Fine!
I'll do it myself.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(GRUNTS)
It's still my house after all.
(SIGHS)
Yeah.
- (MARY GASPS)
- Thank you. Much better.
But there's...
still...
something off.
- (SQUELCHING NOISE)
- (SMALL EFFORT GRUNT)
Clark. please...
(CLARK GRUNTS)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(GROANS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
- (SQUELCHING TEAR)
- (METALLIC SLASH)
(WET SLICING)
(CLARK GRUNTS)
(SLOW RIPPING SOUND)
(CLARK GRUNTS LOUDLY)
- (CLARK SIGHS)
- (MARY GASPS)
No. please. don't. don't...!
- (CLARK SIGHS)
- (MARY EXHALES SHARPLY)
- (CLARK BREATHING DEEPLY)
(SHALLOW BREATH)
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I...
broke the glass
and woke you up.
I know how you like
to sleep early.
I was at the store late.
I guess I lost track
of the time.
I was checking inventory.
But...
I stopped off for a few beers.
- Clark--
- Barbara!
I was checking inventory.
Then I stopped off
for a few beers.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
Defi-define a few.
As many as I wanted.
Because this is my house.
I pay for it.
I pay for everything.
I pay for you to go to school.
I pay for your time
off school!
I pay for the roof
over your head!
You want kids. right?
Well. that takes money.
So someone has to work
around here.
I said someone has
to get off her fat ass
and work around here!
Just because you didn't get
to be an architect don--
I am a fucking architect.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC
SLOWLY RISES)
I'm just stuck selling
shit furniture because someone
won't get off her fat
fucking ass and help me!
- I'm not your wife!
- Stay in character.
- (MARY EXHALES LOUDLY)
- Stay in character!
- I've never even met her!
- STAY IN CHARACTER!
FUCK YOU!
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
What did you say?
You wanna know the real reason
your wife left you?
It wasn't the drinking.
or the stumbling home
at all hours. or the rage.
It was the whining!
Nothing's ever your fault.
is it?
You drink too much?
Blame your job.
You hate your job?
Blame the world.
You get kicked out
of the house?
Blame your wife.
You attack me and tie me up?
Blame your brain!
You are your fucking brain.
you dipshit!
- You're saying it's my fault?
- Yes!
But it's just the way
you're wired. isn't it?
ISN'T IT?!
(INHALES. EXHALES)
How do I stop doing that?
Honestly.
I have no fucking idea.
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
I can't help you. Clark.
As much as I tried.
It's just not up to me.
(DEEP SIGH)
I can't save anyone.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(CLARK'S SHUDDERING BREATH)
You know...
I don't think
I want to change.
Then don't.
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
I like it in here.
For the first time
in a long time.
I feel like I'm...
like I'm right where
I'm supposed to be.
(SIGHS)
Then stay.
Right where you are.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
But let me go.
(PENSIVE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CLARK SIGHS)
(CLARK SNIFFLES)
(SHALLOW BREATH)
(MARY BREATHING NERVOUSLY)
I'm sorry.
(MARY GASPS)
(FAINT RHYTHMIC THUDDING)
About what?
(REPEATED THUDDING. SHRIEKING)
(RHYTHMIC THUDDING
APPROACHING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(MARY GASPS)
(EERIE GROWL. THUDDING)
- (MARY'S PANICKED BREATHING)
- (SHRIEKING CONTINUES)
(THUDDING GETTING LOUDER)
(CREAKING)
What are you doing in here?
(SHRIEKING CONTINUES)
(MARY'S SHUDDERING BREATH)
This is Mary.
She's our therapist.
- (MARY'S SHUDDERING BREATH)
- She was just leaving.
No. no.
You don't have to worry.
She says
we don't need to change.
(CREAKING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CLARK'S SHUDDERING BREATH)
It's okay.
It's just the way we're wired.
(SHRIEKING CONTINUES)
(RASPY GROAN)
(SQUELCHING BITE)
(CLARK SCREAMING)
- (SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
- (MARY GASPS)
- (LOW GROWL)
- (CLARK SCREAMING)
- (FRENZIED THUDDING)
(PIRATE'S MENACING GROWL)
(SHOCKED WHIMPERS)
(LOW GROWL)
- (MARY YELPS)
- (CLARK SCREAMING)
(SQUELCHING TEAR)
(MENACING GROWLS)
(CLARK SCREAMING)
(PIRATE CLARK GROWLS LOUDLY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SINISTER MUSIC CONTINUES)
(GROWL)
(HEAVY THUD)
(PANTING)
- (DOORKNOB RATTLING)
- (PANICKED BREATHING)
(RHYTHMIC THUDDING)
(CLARK'S BODY THUMP)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(RHYTHMIC THUDDING
APPROACHING)
(PANTING)
(LIGHT BUZZING FAINTLY)
(MENACING GROWL)
(RUMBLING)
(CRASH IN THE DISTANCE)
(MENACING GROWL)
(LOUD CLINKING)
(GROWLING)
(PANICKED BREATHING)
- (THUD. BONE CRACKS)
- (YELPS)
(MOANING IN PAIN)
(WHIMPERS)
(PANTING)
(SINISTER MUSIC CONTINUES)
(GROWLING)
(LOUD FOOTSTEPS)
(WHIMPERS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLING)
- (LOCKED DOOR THUMPS)
- (EFFORT GRUNT)
(GROWLS. THUDS.
AND BANGING)
- (PIRATE CLARK GRUNTS)
- (MARY YELPS)
(GROWLING)
(MARY PANTING)
(EERIE DREAMY MUSIC
REVERBERATING)
(GROWLING. LOUD BANGING)
(MARY GASPS)
(LOUD BANGING)
(EERIE DREAMY MUSIC
OVERLAPPING SINISTER MUSIC)
(LOUD BANGING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(BANGING CONTINUES)
(SPLINTERING CRACK)
(BANGING CONTINUES. GROWLING)
(LOUD GROWL)
(DOOR BREAKS)
(YELPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(AGGRESSIVE BANGING)
- (LOUD CRASH)
- (MENACING GROWLING)
(DISTANT ANGRY GROWLING)
(GRUNTS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(BREATHING QUICKENS)
(ANGRY GROWLING)
(PANTING)
(GREETINGS IN 55 LANGUAGES.
MALE VOICE SPEAKING IN ORIYA)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
MALE VOICE IN GANDA:
Musulayo mutya abantu bensi eno
mukama abawe emirembe bulijo.
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN MARATHI)
IN MARATHI CONTINUES)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN AMOY)
FEMALE VOICE IN HUNGARIAN:
Üdvözletet küldünk magyar...
- No...
- (FEMALE VOICE CONTINUES)
(HEAVY BREATHING CONTINUES)
(DOOR THUDS)
(EERIE MUSIC TURNS OMINOUS)
(DOOR OPENS. CREAKS
THEN SLAMS)
(LOW RASPY BREATH)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN KANNADA)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN RAJASTHANI)
(RASPY GASP)
(PEG LEG CLUNKING)
MALE CHILD VOICE: Hello from
the children of Planet Earth.
(RHYTHMIC CLUNKING
APPROACHING)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN SUMERIAN)
(LOW RASPY GROAN)
(MARY'S SHUDDERING BREATH)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ANCIENT GREEK)
FEMALE VOICE IN PORTUGUESE:
Paz e felicidade a todos.
(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN AKKADIAN)
FEMALE VOICE IN RUSSIAN:
Zdrávstvuyte! Privétstvuyu Vas!
(CLUNKING CONTINUES)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN THAI)
- (MARY PANTING)
- (FEMALE VOICE. IN ARABIC)
(PIRATE CLARK GROWLING)
- (MARY GASPS)
- (MENACING GROWL)
- (MARY GRUNTS)
- (WOOD CRACKS)
(YOWLS)
FEMALE VOICE IN FRENCH:
Bonjour tout le monde.
(GASPS. GRUNTS)
- (BEEPING)
- (ALARM BLARES)
(GAS HISSING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC TURNS TENSE)
(PIRATE CLARK YOWLS)
- (MARY WHIMPERS)
- (PIRATE CLARK GROWLING)
(SOUNDSCAPE BECOMES MUFFLED)
(MUFFLED COUGH AND BREATHING)
(MUFFLED GASP)
(MUFFLED GROAN)
(MUFFLED HISSING)
(HIGH-PITCHED RINGING)
(STARTLING TENSE TONE)
- (PIRATE'S RASPY BREATHING)
- (MARY GASPS)
- (GROWLING)
- (MARY INHALES SHARPLY)
(MARY'S STRENUOUS GRUNTS)
(MENACING GROWL)
(HORRIFYING GRUNT)
(MARY'S STRENUOUS GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(TENSE MUSIC RISES)
(GROWLING)
- (HARD BLOW)
- (RASPY WHIMPERS)
- (MARY GRUNTS. PANTS)
- (HARD BLOW)
- (RASPY WHIMPERS)
- (SQUELCHING BLOWS)
- (PIRATE CLARK YOWLING)
- (MARY GRUNTING)
- (REPEATED SQUELCHING BLOWS)
- (PIRATE GROWLING AND YOWLING)
- (HORRIFYING GROANS)
- (MARY'S STRENUOUS YELL)
(JAW CRACKS)
(TEETH RATTLE)
- (PIRATE CLARK WHIMPERS)
- (MARY GRUNTS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (PIRATE CLARK'S GROWL )
- (MARY'S PANICKED BREATHING)
(ANGRY YOWLING)
- (HARD BUMP)
- (MARY GASPS)
- (PIRATE CLARK GROWLING)
- (MARY PANTING)
(WHIMPERING GRUNTS)
(GROWLING)
(WHIMPERING GROWLS)
(HOWLING)
(DARK MUSIC PLAYING)
(SHUDDERING BREATH)
(HOWLING BECOMES FAINTER)
(BREATHING QUICKENS)
(MARY GASPS)
(GAS HISSING)
(DARK MUSIC TURNS TENSE)
(YELPS)
(COUGHS)
HAZMAT GUY 1:
Are you okay?
HAZMAT GUY 2:
Who the fuck is that?
Who is it?
(MARY COUGHS)
HAZMAT GUY 3:
What happened?
(HAZMAT GUYS
SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(MARY HYPERVENTILATING)
GUY 3: What about the pirate?
Can you still see the pirate?
GUY 2: And the other guys?
Still going out the back?
(MARY PANTING)
HAZMAT GUYS:
(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(TENSE MUSIC FADES OUT)
(MUFFLED BEEPING)
(MUFFLED PANTING)
(MUFFLED BEEPING CONTINUES)
(MUFFLED HEAVY BREATHING)
(MUFFLED RINGING)
(SILENCE)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING OVER
GREETINGS IN 55 LANGUAGES)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN ORIYA)
MALE VOICE IN GANDA:
Musulayo mutya abantu bensi eno
mukama abawe emirembe bulijo.
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN MARATHI)
FEMALE VOICE IN AMOY:
Thài-khong pêng-iú. lín-hó.
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN AMOY CONTINUES)
FEMALE VOICE IN HUNGARIAN:
Üdvözletet küldünk magyar
nyelven minden békét szeretö
lénynek aVilágegyetemen.
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN TELUGU)
IN CZECH)
(FEMALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN KANNADA)
(MALE VOICE SPEAKING
IN RAJASTHANI)
MALE CHILD VOICE: Hello from
the children of Planet Earth.
(DISTANT BIRD CALLS)
(CAP'N CLARK COMMERCIAL
PLAYING FAINTLY OUTSIDE)
(FOOTSTEPS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(FOOTSTEPS STOPPING)
Hello. my name is Phil.
And you're Mary. yeah?
Uh... I was hoping to ask you
a few questions. just for...
some clarification on our end.
if that's okay.
Uh. first thing. um...
could you establish
how you. uh...
got in here?
I walked through a wall
in the basement
of a furniture store.
Hmm.
(PHOTO RUSTLES)
Can you confirm that this is
the location in question?
Okay. good.
So you were shopping. or...
I was looking for someone.
- (PHOTO RUSTLES)
- Um...
were you looking for this man.
right here?
Where am I right now?
Could you just confirm for me?
Is this man right here
the man you were looking for?
- Please.
- (PHIL STUTTERS)
- Sorry. what was your name?
- Phil.
Please. Phil. Where am I?
I'm not...
(SIGHS)
I make. um... Sorry. my...
Our company. we make...
MRI machines.
Or... I should say. um.
we used to make
MRI machines.
Not anymore.
That was before we...
(DEEP BREATH)
- Before we found--
- You've been there.
Yes. I have.
And now. it's my job.
(SIGHS)
Every day. I-I go in there
and I just try to f...
try to find out ev-even
a little bit more.
I-I map out areas
to the best of my ability.
And more and more.
I'm convinced
that nothing
in our lifetime. Mary.
n-nothing in-in maybe
all of recorded history
means more than this.
But I don't understand it.
I don't...
I-I can't even describe it.
It...
It's like describing a dog
to someone
who's never seen a dog.
And then asking them
to draw it.
Now you want me
to... describe it.
And then you'll write it down.
and then what?
- Mary--
- You'll let me go?
We all want
the same thing here.
We do.
We just want to find out
even a little bit more.
What's gonna happen
to me. Phil?
That decision's not up to me.
So...
if we could just talk.
just you and me.
you know. just like...
just like two regular people.
We could unpack some of this.
we've both been in there.
and-and-and get
on the same page.
There are doors
opening everywhere.
We don't know why
or what's connecting them.
(VOICE GETTING MUFFLED):
They sort of keep happening.
and we don't know
how to stop them.
(PHIL'S VOICE
ALMOST INAUDIBLE)
(EERIE SOUNDSCAPE WITH
WIND CHIMES TINKLING SOFTLY)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLES
SLOWLY FADING OUT)
(WHIMSICAL MUSIC OVERLAPPING
EERIE SOUNDSCAPE)
(LIGHTS BUZZING
IN THE BACKGROUND)
(WHIMSICAL MUSIC
AND EERIE SOUNDSCAPE CONTINUE)
(WHIMSICAL MUSIC FADES OUT)
(EERIE SOUNDSCAPE
TURNS OMINOUS)
(OMINOUS SOUNDSCAPE TURNS
SINISTER THEN STOPS ABRUPTLY)
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
( THE WORD BECOMES FLESH
BY BOARDS OF CANADA PLAYING)
CONTINUES PLAYING)
( THE WORD BECOMES FLESH
BY BOARDS OF CANADA ENDS)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(EERIE MUSIC ENDS)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC ENDS)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today